TrendMicroDDA - Add encoding to the url and an UT (#27123)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroDDA/ReleaseNotes/1_0_13.md

#### Integrations

##### Trend Micro Deep Discovery Analyzer (Beta)

> - Fixed an issue where ***simple-upload-sample-url*** command was failing due to unexpected url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***simple-upload-sample-url*** command was failed to run on legitimate URL input.
```
